Add SQA discussion in ver-list.md (#111)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/verification/ver-list.md

> For [SQA](sqa/index.md) purposes, TMAP8 undergoes verification and validation. Verification consists of comparing TMAP8 predictions against analytical solutions in different conditions, which are often simple cases. Validation consists of comparing TMAP8 predictions against experimental data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [software quality assurance](sqa/index.md) purposes, TMAP8 undergoes verification and validation. Verification consists of comparing TMAP8 predictions against analytical solutions in different conditions, which are often simple cases. Validation consists of comparing TMAP8 predictions against experimental data.
```

We haven't defined this, and only use it once, so let's define it instead of using any acronyms.

> Note that in addition to monitoring TMAP8 performances in verification and validation cases, the effects of changes made to TMAP8 are tracked. A series of automated tests help identify any changes in TMAP8's predictions, therefore ensuring stability and robustness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that in addition to monitoring TMAP8 performance and reproducibility in verification and validation cases, the effects of changes made to TMAP8 are tracked. A series of automated tests are performed via continuous integration using [CIVET](https://civet.inl.gov/repo/530) to help identify any changes in TMAP8's predictions, therefore ensuring stability and robustness.
```
